# MIS2402
Summary:
This repository contains a project involving APIs from my MIS2402 class. I used two APIs for this project: the Active Tobacco Retail Dealer Licenses API from NYC OpenData and the ImageCharts API. The goals of this project were to use an API to gather data and to turn it into charts via the ImageCharts API. The important thing however, is that my project will work dynamically; meaning without any extra work, it should update as the data updates from the Active Tobacco Retail Dealer Licenses API with any intervention from me.

APIs used and their documentation:
Active Tobacco Retail Dealer Licenses: https://data.cityofnewyork.us/Business/Active-Tobacco-Retail-Dealer-Licenses/adw8-wvxb <br><br>
I chose this API because I was interested in looking at a dataset about New York City and this caught my attention while I was scrolling through NYC OpenData. In my project, I used .getJSON in Javascript to extract data from this API and turned it into two charts. My first Javascript functions examine the data and sorts the data by their "boroughs." It then counts each time an item in the array matches a borough and converts it into a fraction of the total data. There's also a part of the data that sorts the highest and lowest percents and writes a dynamic sentence for each as well. Finally, it creates a pie chart with these percentages. The second part of my project also extracts data from this API but converts it into a line chart to show off some trends. First, my data was extracted and turned into a sortable array. The project then essentially sorts and calculates the rate that businesses get licenses per year in whichever borough you select. <br><br>
Image-Charts: https://documentation.image-charts.com/ 
All of the data had to use the Image-Charts API to create the charts necessary.
